

@CinemaCafePage
Feature: Check the Functionality of Cinema Cafe page
	Background:
	Given User is on the Cinema Cafe Page 
	
@home
Scenario: Checking Functionality of HOME link

When User clicks on HOME link
Then Redirect to Cinema Cafe Page 	


@services
Scenario: Checking Functionality of SERVICES link

When User clicks on SERVICES link
Then Scroll to service division  	


@login
Scenario: Checking Functionality of LOGIN link

When User clicks on LOGIN link
Then Scroll to Login division


@showcontact
Scenario: Checking Functionality of SHOW CONTACT link

When User clicks on SHOW CANTACT link
Then Scroll to SHOW CONTACT division


@createnewaccount
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Create New Account link

When User clicks on Create New Account link
Then Redirect to Registraion Page


@forgotpassword
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Forgot Password link

When User clicks on Forgot Password link
Then Redirect to Forgot Password Page


@goup
Scenario: Checking Functionality of go up!!! link

When User clicks on go up!!! link
Then Scroll to Banner division


@ValidCredentials 
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with valid credentials

When User enters valid Username and Password present in Database
Then Redirect to the Admin Home or Customer Home


@BlankUsername 
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with blank Username

When User enters Password
Then User gets message - Username is blank.Please provide a valid Username.

@BlankPassword
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with blank Password

When User enters Username
Then User gets message - Password is blank.Please provide a valid Password.


@Username<8
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with Username less than 8 character

When User enters Username less than 8 character
Then User gets message - Please provide a valid Username.

@Username>20
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with Username more than 20 character

When User enters Username more than 20 character
Then User gets message - Please provide a valid Username.

@Usernamespecial
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with Username having Special character

When User enters Username with Special Characters
Then User gets message - Please provide a valid Username.


@password<8
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with Password less than 8 character

When User enters Password less than 8 character
Then User gets message - Please provide a valid Password.

@password>20
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with Password more than 20 character

When User enters Password more than 20 character
Then User gets message - Please provide a valid Password.

@passwordspecial
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login with Password having Special character

When User enters Password with Special Characters
Then User gets message - Please provide a valid Password.

@passwordmasked
Scenario: Checking Functionality of Login if password is masked

When User enters Password
Then It should have a mask of '*'.
